README.rst, before:

Pumbaa
======
Welcome to *Pummba*, the awesome CoE family. 
We're going to bring our community back. 
If you remember our good old days and want to help, please let us know at `Burawich Pamornnak`_ (CoE18). 
Let's share your ideas and make it better.

Thank you,

ยินดีต้อนรับสู่สังคมพุมบ้า พวกเราต้องการที่จะนำชุมชนของเรากลับคืนมา 
หากคุณยังจดจำคืนวันอันแสนงดงามและต้องการมีส่วนร่วมในการพัฒนาสังคมแห่งนี้
กรุณาแจ้งความจำนงมาที่ `Burawich Pamornnak`_ (CoE18).

ขอเชิญทุกคนมาร่วมแบ่งปันความคิดเห็น เพื่อที่จะทำให้สังคมแห่งนี้น่าอยู่เช่นเดิม


Development
-----------
This web site is a Pyramid framework based web application. 
We aims to follow `PEP8 <http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/>`_ as style guide for Python Code. 
The Pumbaa project uses the `gitflow <http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/>`_ model for branching.

Join Us
-------
We welcome contributions! join `Pumbaa Project`_.

Team
----
* `Burawich Pamornnak`_
* `Thanathip Limna`_

.. _Burawich Pamornnak: mailto:burawich@gmail.com?Subject=Pumbaa%20Volunteer
.. _Thanathip Limna: https://github.com/sdayu
.. _Pumbaa Project: https://github.com/sdayu/pumbaa

Commit message:

add how to install pumbaa

README.rst, after:

Pumbaa
======
Welcome to *Pummba*, the awesome CoE family. 
We're going to bring our community back. 
If you remember our good old days and want to help, please let us know at `Burawich Pamornnak`_ (CoE18). 
Let's share your ideas and make it better.

Thank you,

ยินดีต้อนรับสู่สังคมพุมบ้า พวกเราต้องการที่จะนำชุมชนของเรากลับคืนมา 
หากคุณยังจดจำคืนวันอันแสนงดงามและต้องการมีส่วนร่วมในการพัฒนาสังคมแห่งนี้
กรุณาแจ้งความจำนงมาที่ `Burawich Pamornnak`_ (CoE18).

ขอเชิญทุกคนมาร่วมแบ่งปันความคิดเห็น เพื่อที่จะทำให้สังคมแห่งนี้น่าอยู่เช่นเดิม


Development
-----------
This web site is a Pyramid framework based web application. 
We aims to follow `PEP8 <http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/>`_ as style guide for Python Code. 
The Pumbaa project uses the `gitflow <http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/>`_ model for branching. To setup Pumbaa.CoE for developing, read this `Install Pumbaa page <https://github.com/sdayu/pumbaa/wiki/Install%20Pumbaa>`_.

Join Us
-------
We welcome contributions! join `Pumbaa Project`_.

Team
----
* `Burawich Pamornnak`_
* `Thanathip Limna`_

.. _Burawich Pamornnak: mailto:burawich@gmail.com?Subject=Pumbaa%20Volunteer
.. _Thanathip Limna: https://github.com/sdayu
.. _Pumbaa Project: https://github.com/sdayu/pumbaa
